Stream is an interface.

Steps of Stream:
1) Take stream code (source)(in creatingStream class, source is courses array)
2) Build stream instance
3) Go through intermadiate operations
4) Apply Terminal Operation
5) Get the result

This process is called stream pipeline.

---

In a car factory, they take one car asemble it part by part and then
move to the next car. They don't take 10 cars and put tires. We have this
same operation in Java Stream too.

Source : Where the stream comes from

Intermediate operations : Transforms the stream into another one.
There can be as few or as many operations as we would like. Intermediate
operations do not perform any processing until a terminal operation is invoked.

Terminal operations : Actual result is produced. Since streams can be used only
once, the stream is no longer valid after a terminal operations completes.

---

A lot of Lambda will be used here.


        FILTER
        Filtering with a predicate : The stream interface supports a filter method.
        This operation takes as argument a predicate (a function returning a boolean) and
        returns a stream including all elements that matches the predicate.

        DISTINCT
        Filtering unique elements : The stream interface supports a distinct method. This
        operation returns a stream with unique elements.

         LIMIT
         The stream interface supports a limit(n) method. This operation returns
         a stream that’s no longer than a given size.

         SKIP
         The stream interface supports a skip(n) method. This operation returns
         a stream that discards the first n element.
         If the stream has fewer than n elements, an empty stream is returned.

         MAP
         The stream interface supports a map method. This operation takes a
         function as argument. The function is applied to each element,
         mapping it to a new element.


 You can use this methods more than once. Look at MAP on StreamsMainPackage.StreamOperations.

We'll use stream.FILTER and stream.MAP most of the type.

---
Intermadiate operator and terminate are used together in the same line